OSDOCS-4072: adds ingress firewall node operator (#52114)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-infw-operator-troubleshooting.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/ingress-node-firewall-operator.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nw-infw-operator-troubleshooting_{context}"]
= Troubleshooting Ingress Node Firewall Operator

* Run the following command to collect all ingress firewall node pods logs:

[source,terminal]
----
oc adm must-gather – gather_ingress_node_firewall
----

> The logs are available in the sos node's report containing eBPF bpftool outputs at: `/sos_commands/ebpf`. These reports include lookup tables used or updated as the Ingress Node Firewall Operator processes the packets.

Reviewer: Ingress firewall operator just the configuration plane , ingress firewall XDP is the one that handle packet processing, update statistics and emit events

Author: addressed

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/ingress-node-firewall-operator.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nw-infw-operator-troubleshooting_{context}"]

> = Troubleshooting Ingress Node Firewall Operator

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
= Troubleshooting the Ingress Node Firewall Operator
```

> * Run the following command to check installed custom resource definition (CRD):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Run the following command to list installed Ingress Node Firewall custom resource definitions (CRD):
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get crds | grep ingressnodefirewall
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
NAME               READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
ingressnodefirewallconfigs.ingressnodefirewall.openshift.io       2022-08-25T10:03:01Z
ingressnodefirewallnodestates.ingressnodefirewall.openshift.io    2022-08-25T10:03:00Z
ingressnodefirewalls.ingressnodefirewall.openshift.io             2022-08-25T10:03:00Z
----

* Run the following command to view the state of the Ingress Node Firewall Operator:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get pods -n openshift-ingress-node-firewall
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                                       READY  STATUS         RESTARTS  AGE
ingress-node-firewall-controller-manager   2/2    Running        0         5d21h
ingress-node-firewall-daemon-pqx56         3/3    Running        0         5d21h
----
+
The following fields provide information about the status of the Operator:
`READY`, `STATUS`, `AGE`, and `RESTARTS`. The `STATUS` field is `Running` when the Ingress Node Firewall Operator is deploying a daemon set to the assigned nodes.

> * Run the following command to collect all ingress firewall node pods logs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Run the following command to collect all ingress firewall node pods' logs:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm must-gather – gather_ingress_node_firewall
----
+

> The logs are available in the sos node's report containing eBPF `bpftool` outputs at `/sos_commands/ebpf`. These reports include lookup tables used or updated as the ingress firewall XDP handles packet processing, updating statistics, and emit events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The logs are available in the sos node's report containing eBPF `bpftool` outputs at `/sos_commands/ebpf`. These reports include lookup tables used or updated as the ingress firewall XDP handles packet processing, updates statistics, and emits events.
```
minor tense tweak
